"x"
"There is no way that I could describe my emotions for this movie. I'm totally speechless. I haven't laughed (even cried) this much in Marvel movie or even in any movie. I'm fully on my emotion, there are so many tears of joy and loss. Amazing story, the acting is outstanding, epic action, great CGI, the best storytelling ever told in a superhero movie, amazing performance. I love it more than 3000.Happiness, sadness, pure joy, excitement... I'm gonna miss this moment in my whole life because let's face it- it's been awhile movies can bring such a big enthusiasm like this.It is such an experience you'll gonna remember it forever. People are clapping, laughing, crying, full of a state emotion. It's 3 hours long but it went by like a finger snapping by Thanos, and now I'm thinking I'm actually in Quantum Realm because it felt like 5 seconds. Even though you know where the story is gonna bring you because it's still a 'superhero movie' but it left me speechless. It's not just a superhero movie, it's more than that.**SPOILER ALERT**Even some characters that you didn't like before, you will love them in this movie. Like Captain Marvel. I didn't like her before in her own movie but in Endgame they showed how powerful, how strong and how capable she really is. And now I kinda love her! But Marvel should really be careful of her line though, I didn't like some of her line like \"I'm the strongest\" and \"You didn't win because before you didn't have me\" duh. Also not gonna forget Hawkeye. To be honest, in Avengers I really didn't like Hawkeye because he's just a 'guy' with an arrow and just randomly showed up in any scene but actually he's character is so BADASS! Everything that we need, what we want is here.Also I don't get it why some people can not accept that Thor is fat or treat him like a joke. I mean, this movie might be trying to give us a message about no matter what 'shape' are you, you can be a hero and save the world. To be honest, I like what they did to Thor, that man is depressed and taking the most responsible after he missed the shot to kill Thanos in Infinity War. Even though he already did killed him but it's not gonna bring back his people of Asgard. Also he's God of Thunder for god sake, he could slap his stomach with thunder and got his abs back.I'm so happy too for Captain America. Finally he could do his dance with Peggy and I didn't expected that we could see the fight between Captain America with his own self. Also when Tony met his father really warm my heart, and we can see the 'real-life' Jarvis - I didn't expected that too.When the whole superhero arrived it is so EPIC! The whole person in theater are screaming and shocked. Gives me a goosebumps and still left me speechless!This movie is absolute perfection. The ending of this movie is we and the characters deserved. It gives a perfect balance for all these past 10 years. Epic and perfect ending, I was not disappointed at all. This movie was completely emotional and visually stunning. Now I get it why the Russo Brothers told us to do a Marvel Movie marathon before watching Endgame because this movie had everything to accomplish what left behind before all of this.Ready or not, whatever it takes.Go watch it for yourself."
"I have to say, my first reaction walking out of the cinema was that it was great. Probably an 8/10. You know there's so much fan service in this movie and I particularly loved the \"I can do this all day\" CA line from one CA to another. It was almost Toy Story 2, enlightened Buzz to naive Buzz banter.I loved Clever Hulk, found Thor hilarious, though a bit annoying at times, and loved the references to past movies. Cap swinging Mjollnir around was beautiful.The deaths in this movie were also pretty surprising but I agree with some of the more balanced reviews in here that it was bizarre that so much time was spent on Hawkeye - does anyone really care about him? Not really.Killing off Black Widow was a surprising touch, but I, like many others, probably felt more of an emotional reaction to Banner's relationship with her and not Hawkeye (because no one actually cares about him). Renner, as an actor, just doesn't cut it much, unfortunately.The real problem with End Game, is the time travel. I don't know why any movie franchise would ever want to deal with time travel knowing how much grief it creates. Sure they try to explain everything with their hilarious conversation about movies, but in the end, there are just too many questions left at the end of the day, particularly when they already try to explain it through the Ancient One.The most glaring one of these is, if they change the past, they're changing another timeline, so how selfish is that? If Tony Stark snaps his fingers and kills Thanos, what happens to that original timeline? If he sent Thanos and everyone back, how does he magically know not to send Gamora back who is now stuck in 2023 - and so does that mean 2014 Quill never meets Gamora?!? What the hell? Essentially erasing the entire 2014 GOTG franchise in that universe. If Captain America goes back in time, he will inevitably change history in some way or another, so that is another timeline, right? So while everyone else's timeline is meant to stay the same in the present (as said by Stark) how does Cap end up sitting by the same lake as everyone else.There are also way too many questions about new timelines created - but perhaps that is intentional, such as the Loki TV show. But this is why I hate it when they bring time travel into any movie and just add stuff to it to make it wrap up nicely in their own universe.Also, don't get me started on how impossibly strong Thanos suddenly is without an infinity gauntlet? Even WITH the IG he couldn't stop Thor's Stormbringer, but now without the IG can easily defeat Thor with Stormbringer AND Mjollnir, Iron Man and Cap??? How convenient.I also think Marvel made a serious mistake creating Captain Marvel, how is she brought in as a convenient deus ex machina and yet doesn't really stick around to show off all her abilities, and she can't even defeat Thanos single handedly? Pfft. That was rich. She can barely prevent Thanos from snapping his fingers, yet in Infinity War, Cap was able to actually hold off his hand too? Bizarre parallels.So okay, sure, it was enjoyable to watch, but I just feel that there are too many plot inconsistencies creeping into End Game. There should have been better ways to get the infinity stones back, and I think someone stupid just thought time travel was the best way to do it,."
"After Avengers Infinity War, we waited for the Avengers Endgame. We wondered how the story would go on, how our heroes would turn back, what would be the end of Thanos. Many theories related to this have been put forward. Avengers Endgame was undoubtedly the most anticipated film of recent years. Normally, the higher the expectation, the higher the probability of disappointment. But this is not the case for Endgame. Whatever you're expecting, you find much more in the film. This means that the biggest concern about the film has disappeared.On the other hand, another comparison comes up. Is Endgame more successful than Infinity War? We can comfortably say it Avengers Infinity War is just the beginning of the story. Endgame was the finale of the story. So we shouldn't think of these two films as two separate stories. There is only one story divided into two parts.Avengers Endgame is, above all, a great homage to the ten-year history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The story highlights the original Avengers team. Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow and Hawkeye are at the center of events. No character comes in front of them. Of course there are many characters that play an important role in the story outside the original Avengers team. Everyone's concern was that Captain Marvel, who was included in the Marvel world, overshadowed other heroes. We can say that this certainly did not happen. What is important in this struggle is not how strong you are, but how good you are. This comes to the fore in all areas. It gives good message about being a hero and a family.Of course, Avengers Endgame has some critical aspects. For example, is the three-hour period necessary in terms of the story? It can be discussed. The head of the story moves much slower than the rest. It also drags the heroes into an emotional predicament. Then the tempo is rising and the heavy scenes we are watching are getting more meaningful. The last 45 minutes of the movie is fully action packed. But the last 45 minutes goes so fast that you don't even realize it. Action and battle scenes are really successful. There is not even a slight distress about visual effects. There are also slight logic errors in the film, but in general the story is so successful that these details become meaningless and insignificant after a certain point.Lastly, Avengers Endgame doesn't have a movie end scene. Because after the film's final, there is no need for another scene. The Marvel legend Stan Lee appears with a small stage. But this is the last surprise scene in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Moreover, there is no clue about Marvel's future. This makes us wonder more about Spider-Man: Far from Home. 10/10"
""
"
                "
"If you're going to watch this movie, avoid any spoilers, even spoiler free reviews.
Which is why I'm not going to say anything about the movie. Not even my opinion. All I'm going to say is:The crowd applauded 3 times during the movie, and stood up to clap their hands after. This I have never witnessed in a Dutch cinema. Dutch crowds aren't usually passionate about this. I checked the row where I was sitting, and people were crying. After the movie, I was seeing people with smudged mascara. That's all I have to say about the movie."
"Unpopular opinion.
Let me start by saying that Endgame is not a bad film. In fact it was a decent film. But nothing more. Maybe I was expecting a masterpiece like Infinity War due to all this hype.
The first 2 hours of the movie are really boring. They try to build up many emotional moments only to destroy them with a joke the next minute. And there are really MANY jokes that feel out of place.
Endgame uses the previous marvel movies to give you a good story, without building it itself. It's like the writers didn't care to give us a proper story. They just filled it with many dramatic moments. Also, there was no action in the first 120 minutes.
Plus, I did not like the way they treated Thor at all. They made him a comic relief in the worst way possible. I wonder how Thor fans feel after watching this.
The last battle was epic and beautiful but that's all I really enjoyed. The cgi was top notch.
Also, the way they ended Cap's story, meh... Yeah we got it, you want to make people cry and give us the end of an era, but at least do it without creating dozens of plot holes.
The 3 hours went by fast, but I wouldn't watch it again in theaters (I had planned to watch it at least 1 more time).
This could be so damn good... Disappointed.*edit* Also, all of you fanboys who downvote all my reviews because you got angry because I gave your beloved Avengers a 6, you are just amusing and pathetic. Get a life."
"I've just come from watching Endgame and I must say that I am disappointed.I loved Civil War and I loved Infinity War. When I came out of those films, I knew immediately that they were great and that I wanted to see them again. With Endgame, I'm not sure.I respect how they were prepared to show the consequences of what Thanos had done but by killing him off so quickly and then them having to do their own stone quest (hadn't we already seen Thanos doing this in IW) it felt slow and lazy. Worse still was that it felt very self-indulgent and attempting to be clever for clever sake.Like how Back to the Future II considered itself clever for showing the events of the first film but with Marty flitting around behind the scenes to ensure that it all still happened. I know it's meant to be fan pleasing but it really felt like a gimmick and lacking in confidence. Almost like it was saying 'Hey guys, this will make you smile'. If you want to make me smile, concentrate on maintaining the quality of your product rather than directly trying to make me like you.But the trouble with messing around with timelines and bouncing around is that it makes the audience start asking questions during the film. The linearity that we'd seen in IW and the imminent fast approaching threat is replaced in Endgame with a lack of direction and characters that are earlier versions of who the audience have seen.In IW we were shown Thanos. He was written to be sympathetic or at least a character that we the audience could understand. He believed in what he was doing and this made him more rounded. But in Endgame, that version is dispatched quickly and we are supplied with a 2014 (?) Thanos who isn't the character we know but is just a token bad guy.This Thanos hasn't made the sacrifice at Vormire, he isn't the guy that would empathise with Scarlet Witch for what she did to Vision. He has suddenly become a token cut out evil bad guy that needs to be defeated. Hell, the writers even manage to forget their own time loop by saying that this Thanos has learnt that he doesn't want to wipe out 50% anymore because they are too ungrateful. How does he know this when the 2014 Thanos has only just literally arrived in the post wipeout Universe? How has he had time to form the opinion that his previous quest for a 50% cull isn't worthy?Is this a case of the writers being terrified that they had created a bad guy that people related to or was it a fear that they'd written themselves into a hole? Why go to the effort of creating that character in IW to suddenly kill him off at the beginning of Endgame just for a dramatic punch?For me, the time travelling and stone gathering wasted time to create unimportant scenes that fundamentally undermine the films that came before.
In my opinion it would have been better if they had shown the remaining Avengers preparing to do some Avenging and maintained the single minded linearity of IW of battling towards and reaching a post click Thanos and somehow reversing his work.The more I think of the film, the more plot holes and frustrations manifest themselves. Thor's drinking and man child antics might have been initially funny but one begins to realise that they are deliberately doing this to clip his wings. Likewise with Hulk, his primordial desire to smash and destroy has been removed to think it out and he has become an embarrassing shadow of his former self.The thing that is meant to be amazing about the MCU is the world building but inconsistencies have been appearing and there are so many in Endgame that it makes you question whether these two films are written by the same people.In IW, Thanos is a dangerous and credible threat because he has the infinity stones. He takes on half of the Avengers, Strange and some of the Guardians on Titan and smashes them and then takes on the other half on Wakanda and smashes them. Yet it is Stormbreaker (whose creation we have seen been hard earned by a motivated Thor) that has the power to take down Thanos even when he has a full complement of Infinity Stones.Yet we roll forward to Endgame and we have literally all the good guys together in one place, Cap with his shield, Tony fully powered up, Scarlet Witch p*ssed and vengeful, Capt Marvel who can seemingly do anything and Thor wielding both Mjolnir AND Stormbreaker and Thanos NOT in possession of the gauntlet, yet they can't defeat him.It's like the fights in IW were so amazing because the good guys were taking on an unbeatable foe yet here he is now seemingly defeatable by the 'rules' that the writers established . A good example of this would be in IW when Cap is the last man standing before Scarlet Witch and he grabs the gauntlet. You see the look of admiration/respect on Thanos' face that Cap is holding open the gauntlet before he punches him to the ground yet now that scene seems pointless.The writers for Endgame seem to have been driven to undo everything they did in IW. All the tension, all the sacrifice, all the development of Thanos discarded for well, I don't know what. It makes no sense.IW had two incredible scenes that used to choke me up. When Cap appears in the train station, the Avengers theme kicks in and Falcon and Widow take down the henchman in a wonderfully choreographed scene. In just that one scene it shows them coming to the rescue, it shows how intuitively they work together and it showcases their heroism.Likewise when Thor creates Stormbreaker and makes his entrance on Wakanda, I felt it for the journey that Thor has been on. He's had to contend with loss and defeat and humiliation and this is his redemption. Here is a character that has earned his game changing weapon and when he arrives and demands to face a character that everyone else is running away from, I want to punch the air.But in Endgame, that feels like it has to be corrupted. We can't have Thor being dominant, let's break him and make him a fool. We can't have Thanos being complicated and relatable, let's make him a cut out bad guy. We can't have Hulk being rage fuelled and smashing stuff up, let's make him more sensitive and talking stuff out. We can't have Cap being stoic and heroic, let's have him ridiculing one of his own iconic lines in a silly gimmicky fight with himself and commenting on his butt. We can't have a powerful female character that we're invested in look sexy AND be able to take down Thanos, let's give Scarlet Witch a small part but focus our attention on a female character that hasn't earnt our admiration or desire for revenge.To be honest, the 'rules of engagement' had been set so well in IW that when in Endgame Thanos massed his ranks against the Avengers and then ALL of the good guys showed up, I was almost expecting the camera to pull away and not show the fight given that it was so obviously going to be an easy win for the good guys.And as for the big fight scene, it did reek of what DC always manage to do which is just throw everything into an end battle and bludgeon you with CGI and pyrotechnics so that you aren't really sure what is going on.In the many fights in IW, you knew what was going on, you recognised the combatants, you understood the stakes and you identified the geography of the scene. In Endgame we got one big massive fight where everything was thrown in the pot and it was just assumed by the directors that we would be happy with all the flashing lights.
And I have to say that considering that Steve and Tony fell out so hard, and that Tony's criticism of Steve was so unfair, that I really had hoped for more than just a handshake, a muttering of 'no worries' and 'here's your shield'. These guys wrote and directed Civil War, they created the line 'we fell out hard' and hence I had hoped for something deeper and more touching than a handshake.Steve wrote Tony a letter telling him that when he needed him he'd be there but once again the Iron Man bias had to creep in and once again Tony was the victim and the ultimate hero.But I think my biggest problem is how the convenient time travelling undermines everything. When a franchise starts retrofitting stuff (like Fury's eye being from a space cat), it's then hard to consider the previous stories.Having 2014 Gamorra means that all the evolution that we saw her go through in GOTG 1 and 2 is wasted. Having Cap marry Peggy means the pain of his sacrifice, him seeing her in Winter Soldier when she is suffering from Alzheimer's, hell even his blossoming relationship with Sharon Carter is kinda irrelevant. Having seen Thor at last step away from his two weaker origin films into the entertainment of Ragnarok and the redemption in IW leaves us now with a bumbling buffoon.We know that what makes Captain America what he is, is the serum that makes him a super soldier. That he was transformed from a weakling to a superhuman. Sam Wilson is not a super soldier and he didn't take the serum. He is Falcon. Now maybe in the comics he becomes Cap but Bucky is a super soldier. Is the new Cap going to foil an evil plot and be defeated with a tazer or a knife to the chest? Consider the beatings that Steve has taken and the physical strength that he has shown we can recognise that Sam Wilson does not have that.I'm sorry to say but the Russo's have dropped the ball. Themselves and their writers have succumbed to their success and their desire to be engineers of political correctness and social change. I thought Endgame would be the high soaring end to this 10 year run of impressive movie entertainment but in the end the writers got carried away, the directors over reached and the studio sacrificed the integrity of their product for a chance to 'educate' us all. A real shame and a wasted opportunity.Infinity War is clearly the highlight of the last 10 years but even now I fear that repeated viewings will render it pointless considering how the makers decided to fundamentally damage it."
"First of, Infinity War was the greatest MCU movie ever made IMHO.Of course, following it up was never going to be easy, and it's sheer greatness and the impact of the 'snap' was something that the Russos just couldn't navigate a way out of. However, plot difficulties aside, there was really no excuse for some of the poor character treatment and pacing issues that they had.Positives:
RDJ's actingNatasha and Hawkeye's last interactionsCGINegatives:
Abysmally poor treatment of Thor, reduced to a comic relief sideshowAbysmally poor treatment of the Hulk - One of the strongest characters of the MCU didn't fight more than 10secs in the 2 supposedly landmark movies of the MCU??Completely ruined Thanos - reduced to a caricature 'bad guy' after an excellently built character in IWPoor re-introduction of the vanished Avengers - seems most of the team wasn't even paid and they just used some stock footage from previous movies for their blink and you miss appearancesWasted potential of Capt Marvel - why introduce a character so powerful, and then not use them for >95% of the movie?Pacing - all over the place. Could easily have trimmed the fat and achieved a much more coherent productMore of a Cap+Stark movie than an Avengers movie.Time travel plotholes - hellloooo. I was OK with the main plan of stealing, snapping, restoring the stones. Hell, I am even OK with Cap getting the happy ending (assuming he stays in hiding his entire life and Carter's life decisions are not affected by the guy in her basement). But as soon as Thanos goes to the future and dies there, Uh Oh - did we just lose the entire Infinity War?? Maybe I am too dumb to understand this...In the end, while the homage to the movies and characters was fine, I really wanted to have a movie I would rush to watch again (Like I did with IW). Sadly, they couldn't deliver this time."
"Endgame is a great popcorn action movie to \"finish\" a saga of popcorn action movies. This isn't serious entertainment and shouldn't be considered as such, and it reminds me of how George Lucas made Star Wars as an homage to the cheap serials like Flash Gordon. Especially as comic-sourced material, this is what the MCU is. Some part of me is actually a bit pained to like it as much as I do, given that it is just playing on base emotions to make money for a massive conglomerate like Disney.BUT... what a great way to end several major storylines that they invested in over the past 11 years. For people who have watched the saga, I feel like this is just the cherry on the top. My only complaint is something that you can't really get away from in superhero stories: the character \"powers\" are totally inconsistent from scene to scene, and movie to movie. This is a trope that there's no getting away from, because if characters like Captain Marvel, Thor, Scarlet Witch, and Hulk were always as powerful as they show flashes of, then the story wouldn't even be a thing. Any one of them could destroy Thanos in the blink of an eye, and have done similar feats in other stories (and even in other scenes within a given story). That they sometimes \"reduce\" their power to a lower level, without an explained mechanism, is pretty laughable, and makes some parts of the story a bit nonsensical. Yes, this constant Ex Machina is needed to maintain the drama and keep the plot going, but it's still something that takes me out of the story.What I really love about this movie, and the saga as a whole, is how good it is at developing the actual characters and their relationships. There are some similarities, but nobody is the same, and most of the arcs are believable. Thor's story, and apparent PTSD, is to me the best-done, but all of the majors (and some of the minors) are almost as good. I believed them. And for a popcorn action movie saga based on a comic series, I think that's a pretty high compliment."
"-spoilers!--Iron man had to go talk to his dad in the past, Thor had to talk to his mom, Hawkeye got to go see his old dead girlfriend.. How convenient that all the stones were in the past directly next to the main characters loved ones. Nobody had to go hundreds of years in the past or anything? Nope all the stones were just a generation away hanging out with your parents so you could go reconnect with them and get emotional.-Tons of plot holes with time travel. We were told it creates a split in the timeline when they time travel, creating a whole new timeline. Sooo.. What happened to the old timeline they left behind to go back in time to defeat Thanos? Does this mean there is a timeline where all the superheroes abandoned the world to go back in time? And at the end when Captain America went back in time, shouldn't it have created a new timeline for him as well? Instead of him being able to meet up with them when he was old? Although this doesn't bother me as much as the other point of this review, it did make the story feel a little hollow and vague.-Felt like there was only 1 single battle sequence in this movie. Aren't there usually a few smaller battles before the final epic one? It was like 2.5 hours of drama and feelings and \"oh I miss my mom\" and only about 12 minutes of good fighting. The fighting was also so cut up, trying to give every hero a great cameo, that no fight scene lasted longer than 10 seconds without being cut. Even after Iron man gives Thanos a long pre-fight speech it only shows about 2 seconds of fighting before they cut away.-They kill Thanos in the beginning super easily, no effort, kinda upsetting. This made the entire previous movie feel like a waste. (even though it was a much better movie)-The Hulk made me cringe. They've changed his character so drastically he's not even the hulk anymore. He doesn't get angry, he doesn't regenerate (either does Captain in this movie), he doesn't smash. He's always in green form. They explain all of the above with, oh I shot myself with some gamma rays. THEN LATER WHEN HE PUTS ON THE GLOVE THEY SAY THE HULK IS PRETTY MUCH IMMUNE TO GAMMA RAYS?! Ugh. He also mentions how he was trying to fight the hulk, but then he realized the hulk is the cure. What is he the cure to if he cant regenerate anymore? I miss the old Edward Norton Hulk to be completely honest.-Personally, I hated Captain Marvel. I hate the actor, I hate the character, I hate her vague god like powers, I hate how she randomly shows up in this movie even though she wasn't in any of the others. I hate how she only shows up for a few minutes in the beginning and a few seconds at the end.-Literally the best scene in the movie is at the very end, when Thor and StarLord are arguing about who's in charge of the ship."
"This is getting a 10/10 mostly because how it doesnt flop on its head ending a 22 movie long plot. Is this the best marvel movie? No not even close, is this as good as infinity war? No, me 2 months ago would say it is but me now would say other wise. But simply for the experience of seeing the first iron man in theaters when I was 8 to now me as 19 and making me cry it is easily a 10/10 due to it being like no other experience. If it wasnt an ending to a 22 movie long era than mayhe my score would reflect like an 8 or a 7, but due to it being what it is I am willing to bump it up. It is still better than like 15 marvel movies, it's still up there for one of their stronger movies. It's not as good as infinity war and winter soldier is still my favorite marvel movie not counting spiderman movies.
TLDR: Its simply unlike any experience in film yet, having a movie end a 22 movie long story and not flop on its face, usually movies cant finish a 3 movie long story without flopping, yet this movie managed to do it with a 22 movie long story. It isnt the best marvel movie, far from it, I would argue that infinity war is a much better movie, but I would say that this is my 2nd favorite avengers movie"
"Seriously time travel?! You did the lazy way to kill thanos ,am so furious. That's why infinity war was better 10x"
"Cheap dialogs, non sense violence. The only thing the movie has to offer is explosions. Is it really that hard to make quality superhero movies? Look at Christopher Nolan's series of Batman movies, those are quality films. This movie is flat, it can be consumed as fast food, nothing to offer really"
"I want to start out saying I love all the Marvel movies leading up to Endgame. I loved Infinity War because it seemed to be setting up a terrific conclusion to the original 6 Avengers story arc's. I was very wrong. Let's start with Tony's Arc. In Ironman 1 Tony is told you are a man who has everything and nothing. In Ironman 2 we find out his dad was distant and cold to him, and in ironman 3 he is getting panic attacks because he thinks it's up to him to save the world from all threats. So in Endgame he finally gets everything that's important. He becomes a Dad and husband and... was proven right by having to die saving the universe himself? Why? Because we are supposed to believe Tony can't retire? Of course he can. Didn't he say to Steve in AoU \"isn't that why we fight so we can end the fight? So we can go home?\" Tony wanted to retire. Tony's arc should have been about being a good dad like his father never was and finally becoming the man who has everything important. He should have learned that he doesn't have to do it all on his own. Team work should have won the final battle. What's the point of finally getting all the Avengers together if it's left to one man to sacrifice himself to save everyone? Tony's ending was not satisfying and it was not the end they have been building towards from the beginning. Now let's talk about the real tragedy in this movie. Steve Rogers character. We know he is a good man who always does what he believes is right. He calls Home the Avengers facility and says he can't ignore a situation that's headed south. He loved Peggy but found out she had gotten married and had a happy life and he tried moving on with her niece. This storyline was ignored which was ok because most of Steves storyline in the MCU has been about saving Bucky. You remember him right? Steve didn't seem to for the entire movie. Instead of thinking about Sam and Bucky and all the people they are going to save if their plan works when they find Thanos in the beginning of Endgame Steve's just looking at the Peggy compass that he hasn't looked at in at least 3 movies. Why? So we can all forget about his actual character development and think it's a great ending when he goes back in time to be with Peggy. I'm just going to ignore all the plot holes associated with Steve going back in time and just focus on the character assasination this commits. This means the same guy who says he can't ignore a situation headed south, who never ran away from a fight, who said I'm with you till the end of the line\" to Bucky is just going to live out his life in the past never saving his friend from being a brain washed assassin, never saving his other friends parents from being killed by his best friend, never stopping any of the thousands of bad things he would know are going to happen? That's not Steve. The writers never let Steve get a personal life. He never found someone after Peggy and he never had anything except the Avengers. He was the one that was set up to die. The final battle starts with what is probably the most epic scene in comic book movie history but fizzles our soon after. Doctor Stranges plan makes no sense. How was this the only way they could win? Why couldn't Captain Marvel snap? Why couldn't captain Marvel just fly the gauntlet to another galaxy? Why couldn't Doctor Strange open a portal and drop the gauntlet on some random planet? In Infinity War why didn't Doctor Strange use his portal to go to Wakanda and tell Thor to aim for the head. The characters powers were very inconsistent for the first time in the MCU. Why was Thanos with no infinity stones able to fight Mjolnir and Storm Breaker but Thanos with all 6 stones would have lost to Storm Breaker if Thor would have just aimed for the head? Why can Captain Marvel fly through a huge spaceship 10 times but she gets knocked out after one punch from Thanos? Why does no one attack Thanos at the same time as someone else? Where's the big team up? You would think getting everyone together for the first time would have been the only way to defeat Thanos, but you'd be wrong because it's all about Tony stark. Even Steve picking up Mjolnir means nothing really because it has no affect on the end of the battle. Thor and Steve could be taken out of this movie and nothing would change. They do nothing of importance. This movie seems so disconnected from Infinity War that it's boggles my mind how this movie has the same writers and directors as Infinity War and it was filmed at the same time as Infinity War. How can you get one so wrong and the other so right? It seems clear to me that the writers and directors decided that Tony was dying and Steve was going back to the past no matter how much their story suffered from doing it. It's like they had a check list of things to put in the movie without actually making a good story that fit in with the rest of their movies. This is by far the most dissapointing ending to anything I've ever looked forward to."
"1;2...Terrible!
Scrap the whole thing...try again!"
"This is made by people who do, for people who do, and this movie itself, does, love the MCU. You can think of it as a TV show finale. After 21 episodes that are all feature length. And before you can even say \"oh no those are all terrible\", this immediately proves itself to be an exception to that rule. Where the equally masterful Infinity War was almost one long action climax, this is less about fights. Which doesn't mean it doesn't have any. Or that they're anything less than excellent. And this film is definitely never boring. This focuses on character exploration. Every member of the original Avengers team, and a handful individuals that aren't, all get significant depth. I remain one of the few people who argue that Age of Ultron did deliver that, albeit in small concentrated format. This easily tops that. Everyone is pushed into a situation new to them. The trailers hint at some of these, whilst leaving others as incredible surprises. Make sure you avoid spoilers before watching this.This picture moves fast and packs a lot into its not quite lean running time. In other words, it's directed by the Russo Brothers. The length is justified. I wouldn't cut anything from this. The emotional moments don't feel sappy. The countless callbacks and references don't feel like they're just there to make you feel good for paying attention to all that lead to this one. The acting shows just how well all of these performers understand the characters. And the screenplay does the same for the writers. The effects are astonishing, yet again getting us to care about individuals that we know are all CG. It uses the varied skills, equipment and the like, of the unique heroes and villains, creatively. This delivers deeply satisfying closure. It truly is a conclusion. It's not trying to get you back to the theatre for the next adventure. The few currently confirmed entries into this franchise don't need hyping, anyway. Spider-Man with Mysterio? Another Black Panther story? The unfairly fired James Gunn returning to round out the trilogy of the Guardians of the Galaxy? Solo Black widow, *finally*? More Dr Strange? Shang-Chi, The Eternals, Blade? Keep 'em coming.I recommend this to everyone who's taken this entire journey. And if you're someone who's skipped some, or held off on this series up to this point, this is an excellent reason to address that. Unless they're simply not to your liking. This is not going to change that. It's not meant to. 10/10"
"One of the best comic book movie villains was ruined.
Who writes this thing? Time travel? Really? Result:
Film full of plot holes.
Unsatisfying deaths of main characters Tony and Natasha.
Previously cool - now ruined characters Thor and Hulk.
I feel like Thanos today."
"Walking in, given Marvel's latest publicity, I was expecting, well, I was expecting an absolute cringe fest, and thankfully I didn't get it. In fact, there were only a couple of absolute cringe moments and each dealt with Brie Larson, particularly her appearance in the final fight.Thankfully though, Marvel showed a lot of restraint with that and as a result the movie really belonged to the characters that we all have invested over a decade of love and loyalty in....and honestly that was a relief. There were times where the film looked like it wanted to go the other way, and put the OG Avengers in the backseat. So, credit for not doing that.It feels a lot more like Kill Bill 2 in atmosphere than a real Super-Hero movie, all the really fun big fights were reserved for the first film and what's left is a long closing act that is more concerned with tying up loose ends than delivering on over-the-top action. And it works for a send off film after a decade of investment.So what you have feels very much like an intimate and sentimental film made by old friends at send off...or a funeral...but in either case it is absolutely appropriate.Unfortunately, you have the enormously epic CGI battle at the end and I, for one, am kind of done with that trope. It's starting to bore me now, and, honestly, I would prefer something a little more authentic. But, that being said, the film at least called for it.We've seen battles like that before, Black Panther, Aquaman, Infinity War, Lord of the Rings, and, honestly those CGI armies lack any real intimacy. So the end is kind of a bore compared to the rest of the film.The highlight in the film would be Thor with Hulk coming in as a close second. They steal the show from the moment they are introduced and the trademark MCU humor that Black Panther and Captain Marvel utterly lacked. And the humor was a source of comfort after two films that made vague threats of taking themselves far too seriously for a superhero flick.The wrap-up was more than satisfying if not heart-wrenching at moments making it a great send off for a decade of time and money invested in the characters, however the legacy that the MCU is passing on seems in trouble nonetheless and we can only hope that it doesn't go the route that the MCU has been teasing and toying with and continues to deliver fun superhero movies and not the heavy-handed or deadly serious films they have threatened the audience with."
"Very long,boring,I give 1 star to make balance because every rate it 10 for nothing"
"Endgame was hands down the worst entry in the Marvel cinematic universe. I've had random bouts of depression ever since i saw this film. It ruined so many of the films that preceded it i have no words. Zero stars if i could."
"The last Avengers ended with a philosophically valid dilemma. Stop the overpopulation of all worlds by halving the population in the universe in order to save humans and other species. The only mention of environment in Endgame was Captain America stating \"a pod of whales was seen in the Hudson, if you want to look at the bright side\" to which Black Widow replies \"I will throw this sandwich at you\". Yup, that's as deep as that conversation went. Immediately they were back to the tired old 'save humanity from evil Thanos' plot. The world is portrayed as a complete shambles with Thanos' reduced population measures. It would have been far more interesting to show the positive changes of having fewer people in the richness of the planet, thriving of other species as well as our own. But no, that is completely ignored and the ecosystem crushing population returns. Very generic plot, disappointing."
"I don't mind long movies, but they should be interesting. The story of this one could have been written by any 10 year old. What are story-writers getting paid for these days?"
"Too bad there isn't a zero star rating. I am not the target demo, was dragged to the movie theater by my young son to see it (he thought the movie was OK. I didn't.1. Lots of nothing much happens
2. Lots of melodramatic music
3. The movie at 182 minutes is about 82 minutes too long
4. The Thor character ceases to become comic amusement about a third through the pic
5. Incomprehensible and repeated fight scenes
6. Exceptionally poor dialog in the screenplayVisually the only star turns were Brie Larson and Elizabeth Olsen. The Scarlet Witch, one of the stronger themes was barely in this - Olsen should get her own movie.I was three hours of my life back plus $68 bucks spent on tickets and popcorn at AMC."
"Overated, boring nonsense! Infinity war set me up for what I thought was going to be the best marvel movie ever but end game felt like it was trying too hard to please everyone! Instead of just being a really good marvel movie.
The plot holes were a big part of the disappointment for me."
"I have watched the movie when it was just released. A couple of months later and I was looking at the reviews. I cannot believe all the 10/10 scores for this movie.Personally I was extremely disappointed with this final movie. Infinity war was an amazing good movie, end game delivers a very simple story based on the time machine concept with plenty of flaws. While I understand the hype and the popularity of the MCU the movie was not bringing me what I was hoping for. There is no further clarification of what led to this movie. The new hulk is another example what I believe was too far fetched. But I don't think I should continue. Surely it is a must see, but for me remains Endgame one of the less convincing movie of this long series of movies brought to us in the las ten years."
"Wow there are so many troll reviews by inarticulate rubes who can't even explain their opinions.People are entitled to their own tastes, and the super hero genre of the Marvel variety that is a pastiche of action/adventure, sci-fi, and fantasy doesn't appeal to everyone, but for what it is, for what it succeeds at being for its target audience, Avengers: Endgame is currently the benchmark as a satisfying grand finale in a cinematic universe.There can be no doubt that Infinity War and Endgame are masterpieces. That doesn't mean they're the best movies ever made, or that they're better than other masterpieces of different genres, it just means that it succeeds in every element required of it.The barrier of entry to The Avengers, especially the last two films, is quite high and requires someone to watch a lot of movies, and without an investment in those characters in the Marvel film that lead up to Infinity War and Endgame, a casual viewer will not care the same way a fan will. Yet that shouldn't detract from how skillfully the writers and directors manage to balance so many elements and fuse so many genres to deliver a unique piece of pop-entertainment that is full of humor, spectacle, and drama.The Avengers is not a particularly profound franchise. It doesn't attempt to be allegorical like The Lord of The Rings, it isn't as mind-expanding as The Matrix, it isn't as mystical as the original Star Wars, nor does it make any social commentary like The Dark Knight, but it has plenty of great archetypal characters who embody different aspects and struggles with heroism. Each character plays so well off the other and the cast has so much chemistry.No other franchise understands its characters better than Marvel, and no writers have a better grasp of heroic conflict and camaraderie than Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely. Comparing their work in Endgame to other franchises like the DCU's Justice League or the current Star Wars is night and day.That isn't to say Endgame is perfect. A Masterpiece doesn't have to be perfect, and most aren't. Certain elements of the plot feel rushed and loopholes are glossed over. Not all the jokes land, but most are pretty funny. Captain Marvel is way too powerful which constantly makes her a Deus Ex Machina. There are any combination of nitpicky observations I could make about parts that don't exactly make sense, but those are minor.Admittedly, I do have a bit of Marvel fatigue after this. It almost feels like Endgame was so epic that I don't ever need to see another super hero movie again. Sure, I'll probably see the new Spider-Man, and even though I really like the films and the character, it's reaching a point of over-saturation."
